"Hello": "Hi there! How can I assist you today?",
          "What is your name?": "I'm a simple chatbot designed to help you!",
          "computer department website:"https://scoea.org/computer-faculty.php",
          "What courses do you offer?":"We offer courses in Computer Science, AI, Data Structures, Algorithms, and more. Visit our course catalog for detailed information.",
          "How can I enroll?":"You can enroll through the student portal. Visit the registration page for detailed steps.",
          "When is the next semester starting?":"The next semester starts in February. Check the academic calendar for specific dates.",
          "Can I change my course?":"Yes, course changes can be made during the add/drop period. Contact the academic office for assistance.",
          "Is there a library on campus?":"Yes, the campus library is fully equipped with all the resources you need. Visit the library website for hours and policies.",
          "How do I contact a professor?":"You can contact professors via email or during their office hours, which are listed on the department's faculty page.",
          "Are there any coding competitions?":"Yes, we organize regular coding challenges and hackathons. Keep an eye on the events page for updates.",
          "How can I get internship opportunities?":"The department has a dedicated placement cell. You can apply through the student portal or attend placement drives.",
          "Do you provide job placement assistance?":"Yes, we offer job placement support through the placement cell, which helps connect students with potential employers.",
          "What are the department’s lab hours?":"Lab hours are from 9 AM to 7 PM, Monday to Friday. You can also book a lab session in advance via the student portal.",
          "Can I take online courses?":"Yes, we offer online courses as part of the distance learning program. Check the course catalog for more information.",
          "How do I apply for scholarships?":"Scholarships are available based on merit and financial need. Visit the scholarships page on the website for more details.",
          "Is there a computer science club?":"Yes, we have a computer science club that hosts events and workshops. You can join by registering on the club's website.",
          " Can I do a project during my studies?":"Yes, students are encouraged to undertake projects. You can find opportunities through your professors or the department’s project database.",
          "What programming languages do you teach?":"We teach languages like Python, Java, C++, JavaScript, and more. Check individual course syllabi for specific details.",
          "How do I report a problem with the course content?":"If you face any issues with the course content, please contact the course instructor or the academic coordinator.",
          "Do you have a student mentorship program?":"Yes, we have a mentorship program that pairs senior students with newcomers. You can sign up via the student portal.",
          "How do I get my exam results?":"Exam results are posted on the student portal. You’ll receive a notification once they’re available.",
          "Can I do internships during the course?":"Yes, internships are encouraged and can be arranged through the placement cell.",
          "What are the prerequisites for Data Structures?":"Basic programming knowledge in any language like Python or Java is required.",
          "Are there any hackathons organized?":"Yes, we host hackathons and coding challenges throughout the year. Keep an eye on the events page.",
          "Can I access course materials online?":"Yes, all course materials are available on the department’s online learning platform.",
         "How can I upload an image?": "You can click the 'Choose File' button and select an image from your device.",
      